Hi, I'm Lisa Kepinski.
Co-founder and co-author of the global non profit initiative
called Inclusion Nudges.
And I'm Tinna Nielsen and I'm the other co-author
and co-founder.
So we came together in 2013,
we were internal practitioners of inclusion and diversity
and we realised that the work was in a repetitive pattern.
Not only in our own experiences but with others getting stuck
and we were focused on how to unstick it.
Yes, and I think what is common for both of us in that line of work
was that we were experimenting with applying behavioural insights
and designing these interventions because it was sometimes like pushing water uphill,
it was too hard as a change maker to do this on your own.
So it was about engaging people but in a way where they could see
and feel the need to do something different in terms of inclusion & diversity.
And when we came together and we actually shared some of the
very practical interventions we had designed, a very interesting pattern emerged
and I think that was really an epiphany moment for us.
We saw a pattern - there are three different types of interventions
that we had designed. And when we started discussing those
we could actually frame it up and we could see a pattern that was
something we could communicate to others.
And now it started becoming interesting because everybody was asking:
What are you actually doing that seems to be working?
And now it became easier for us to actually communicate it because
we could set up a theme around it.
And so out of this work, what we're focused on is trying to steer behaviour
to be more closely aligned to our intentions which, in this case,
we're focused on increasing inclusion inside organisations and societies worldwide.
So the global inclusion nudges initiative is a platform for bringing people together
who are working on increasing inclusion and sharing what works.
So we invite you to be part of this initiative.
And please visit inclusion-nudges.org to learn more
as well as to share your examples of interventions to increase inclusion
that are based on behavioural insights.
I think that's it! Thank You